Added billing commandlets (#371)
DarqueWarrior/vsteam: .docs/synopsis/Get-VSTeamBillingToken.md

> Gets a token for doing billing operations on ogranization level.

Author: ```suggestion
Gets a token for triggering billing operations on the organization level.
```
